We will be using the idea "I live in a different location" to implement our Azure Blockchain application.

The ideal conditions as it happens with the paper ballot voting, that the information about whom the voter voted is to be kept secret and the information 
should not be known to even the Election Commission and it should not be tampered at any stage of the process are the most important issuse to be addressed
during making of our application.Also,we'll make efforts to ensure the anonymity of the voter that to maintain voting data confidentiality,by using Trusted Third Party (TTP)
TTP acts as an agent between the voter and the Election Commission to authenticate the voter to vote during elections.
Once TTP allows the voters to vote, the voter can choose whom he wants to vote for within his constituency. Each vote is conceptually equivalent to the asset in multi-chain
and the transaction happens between voter and candidate nominated.By restricting the multi-chain asset to a process maximum of one transaction between parties,
the system will itself be capable of restricting either multiple votes sent to the same candidate or voting for multiple nominees.
Election commission maintains data related to voters and contestants. The voter can be identified with any of the unique identification numbers assigned by the Election Commission.
This identification number must be used consistently throughout the process. Otherwise, there could be chances that the same voter can register multiple times with different 
identities and then vote multiple times. In the registration process, the voter submits a secret message. During voting, the voter has to submit the same secret message and 
reference number that has been generated during voter registration to the trusted third party. Trusted third party sends the message hash to the election commission to verify
that the voter is a valid voter. Upon verification, Election commission returns validity of the voter to trusted third party. A voter identified as valid will be taken to the
voting page. There, a list of candidates will be shown based on constituency. During this process, trusted third party generates a public key for the voter using 
the multi-chain network and stores this information against the hash of the secret message and reference number of the voter and if after that the voter tries 
more than one transaction/votes, those will be invalidated by multi-chain.
So,by this whole process we will be able to make sure that the person living in a different location is able to vote only once for his consistency.
